README.md, before:

# cogitate-msp1

This repository contains all of the code related to the Cogitate Main Scientific Paper 1 (MSP1). You can find more information below.

Paper Title: ""

| Information | Links |
| --- | --- |
| Website | ![Cogitate](https://img.shields.io/badge/cogitate-website-cornflowerblue) |
| Twitter | [![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/arccogitate?style=social)](https://twitter.com/arccogitate) |
| Preregistration | ![Link to preregistration documents](https://osf.io/3t7ax/) |
| Publication DOI | bioRxiv |
| Dataset | Will be made available in the future. |

## Structure

The analysis code has been split based on the measurement modality as below:

- behavioural and eye tracking (beh_et)
- Magnetoencephalography (meeg)
- Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fmri)
- Intracranial Electroencephalography (ieeg)

The analyses for each modality have been carried out independently. Please read the about.md file carefully before using the code.

## Usage

1. Clone this repository using `git clone https://github.com/Cogitate-consortium/cogitate-msp1`
2. For each analysis, read the about.md and readme.md files carefully. This will describe how to build the environment and run the code.

## Contact

For any questions please feel free to raise an issue or contact [Tanya Brown](mailto:tanya.brown@ae.mpg.de).

Commit message:

Update title and link to bioRxiv.

README.md, after:

# cogitate-msp1

This repository contains all of the code related to the Cogitate Main Scientific Paper 1 (MSP1). You can find more information below.

Paper Title: "An adversarial collaboration to critically evaluate theories of consciousness"

| Information | Links |
| --- | --- |
| Website | ![Cogitate](https://img.shields.io/badge/cogitate-website-cornflowerblue) |
| Twitter | [![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/arccogitate?style=social)](https://twitter.com/arccogitate) |
| Preregistration | ![Link to preregistration documents](https://osf.io/3t7ax/) |
| Publication DOI | [Link to bioRxiv](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2023.06.23.546249v1) |
| Dataset | Will be made available in the future. |

## Structure

The analysis code has been split based on the measurement modality as below:

- behavioural and eye tracking (beh_et)
- Magnetoencephalography (meeg)
- Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fmri)
- Intracranial Electroencephalography (ieeg)

The analyses for each modality have been carried out independently. Please read the about.md file carefully before using the code.

## Usage

1. Clone this repository using `git clone https://github.com/Cogitate-consortium/cogitate-msp1`
2. For each analysis, read the about.md and readme.md files carefully. This will describe how to build the environment and run the code.

## Contact

For any questions please feel free to raise an issue or contact [Tanya Brown](mailto:tanya.brown@ae.mpg.de).
