coglib/fmri/about.md, before:

# About

*template_about.md* file used across the Cogitate codebase for including important information related to the code. Please replace this line with a summary of your analysis code when you modify this file.

## Information

| | |
| --- | --- |
author_name | *name of the primary author of this code, if there are many please list all*
author_affiliation | *affliation of the author(s)*
author_email | *emails of the author(s), please provide persistent emails addresses when possible*
PI_name | *name of the principal investigator leading the analysis, if more than one please list*
PI_affiliation | *affiliation of the PI(s)*
PI_email | *emails of the PI(s)*
programming_language | *programming language(s) used*
Is a readme file included with detailed instructions for running the code? | *Please indicate name(s) of the file(s).*
Is the environment file provided? | *Please indicate name(s) of the file(s).*
Is there a config file provided to change runtime parameters? | *If yes, provide name of the file.*
Does the code run on the sample dataset? | *yes/no*

Commit message:

Edited about.md and readme.md for fMRI

coglib/fmri/about.md, after:

# About
General information regarding the fMRI analysis pipeline. A comprehensive description of the pipeline and running instructions can be found in readme.md

## Information

| | |
| --- | --- |
author_name | *Yamil Vidal<sup>1</sup>, David Richter<sup>1</sup>, Aya Khalaf<sup>2</sup>*
author_email | *hvidaldossantos@gmail.com, david.richter.work@gmail.com, aya.khalaf@yale.edu*
PI_name | *Floris de Lange<sup>1</sup>, Hal Blumenfeld<sup>2</sup>*
affiliation | *<sup>1</sup>Donders Institute for Brain, Cognition and Behaviour, Radboud University Nijmegen, 6500 HB Nijmegen, The Netherlands. <sup>2</sup>Department of Neurology, Yale University School of Medicine, New Haven, CT*
PI_email | *floris.delange@donders.ru.nl, hal.blumenfeld@yale.edu*
programming_language | *Bash, Python, MATLAB*
Is a readme file included with detailed instructions for running the code? | *Yes. readme.md*
Is the environment file provided? | *No*
Is there a config file provided to change runtime parameters? | *No*
Does the code run on the sample dataset? | *Yes*
