coglib/meeg/README.md, before:

# MEG
This folder contains all the code created by Oscar Ferrante and Ling Liu in the frame of the COGITATE project

## Setup:
Create a new conda environment by running the following:
```
conda env create --file=requirements_cogitate_meg.yaml
```
For the linear mixed midel (LMM) analysis used in the activation analysis, create a specific LMM conda environment by running the following:
```
conda env create --file=requirements_cogitate_meg_lmm.yaml
```
The environments are tailored for Linux and the HPC, so some things might break a little if you use windows or Mac 
(not tested very thoroughly).

**Installation time ~= 90min**

## Change root path:
To run the analysis described below on the sample data, make sure to change the bids root path in /meeg/config/config.py:
*$ROOT/sample_data/bids*

### Running preprocessing:
In the command line, enter:
```
python REPO_ROOT/cogitate-msp1/meeg/preprocessing/99_run_preproc.py --sub SA124 --visit v1 --record run --step 1
```
When the first preprocessing step is finished, enter:
```
python REPO_ROOT/cogitate-msp1/meeg/preprocessing/P99_run_preproc.py --sub SA124 --visit v1 --record run --step 2
```
Expected output: the script should generate a directory under:
*$ROOT/sample_data/bids/derivatives/preprocessing/sub-SA124*
containing several subfolders, one for each preprocessing steps. The epoching files contain the final state of 
the data ready for the next analysis steps.

**Run time ~= 90min**

### Running analyses:
For each analysis, run the scripts in the corresponding analysis folder (e.g., /meeg/activation) following the order
reported in the file name (e.g., first run "S01_source_loc.py", then "S02_source_loc_ga.py" and so on).
To run any of the individual-level analysis, enter:
```
python REPO_ROOT/cogitate-msp1/meeg/ANALYSIS_FOLDER/ANALYSIS_CODE.py --sub SA124 --visit v1
```
Replace ANALYSIS_FOLDER with the name of the folder corresponding to the analysis you want to run (e.g., activation)
and ANALYSIS_CODE with the name of the script you want to exacute (e.g., S01_source_loc.py).
To run any of the group-level analysis (i.e., these analyses are marked in the script file name with the suffix "ga"), enter:
```
python REPO_ROOT/cogitate-msp1/meeg/ANALYSIS_FOLDER/ANALYSIS_CODE.py
```

## List of analysis and corresponding run time
- activation:
**Individual-level analysis run time ~= 60min per participant**
**Group-level analysis run time ~= 240min**
- connectivity
**Individual-level analysis run time ~= 90min per participant**
**Group-level analysis run time ~= 30min**
- ged (to be run before the connectivtiy analysis)
**Individual-level analysis run time ~= 15min per participant**
**Group-level analysis run time ~= 10min**
- roi_mvpa
**Individual-level analysis run time ~= XXmin per participant**
**Group-level analysis run time ~= XXmin**
- source_modelling
**Individual-level analysis run time ~= 210min per participant**
**Group-level analysis run time ~= 60min**

Commit message:

Updated README.md. Included exact requirements and generic requirements files.

coglib/meeg/README.md, after:

# MEG
This folder contains all the code created by Oscar Ferrante and Ling Liu in the frame of the COGITATE project.

## Setup:
Create a new conda environment by running the following:
```
conda env create --file=requirements_cogitate_meg.yaml
```
For the linear mixed midel (LMM) analysis used in the activation analysis, create a specific LMM conda environment by running the following:
```
conda env create --file=requirements_cogitate_meg_lmm.yaml
```
The environments are tailored for Linux and the HPC, so some things might break a little if you use windows or Mac (not tested very thoroughly).

In order to recreate the exact environment (reproducibility purposes) in which the code was developed, requirements files with build are also provided.
- requirements_cogitate_meg_exact.yml
- requirements_cogitate_meg_lmm_exact.yml

**Installation time ~= 90min**

## Change root path:
To run the analysis described below on the sample data, make sure to change the bids root path in /meeg/config/config.py:
*$ROOT/sample_data/bids*

### Running preprocessing:
In the command line, enter:
```
python REPO_ROOT/cogitate-msp1/scripts/meeg/preprocessing/99_run_preproc.py --sub SA124 --visit V1 --record run --step 1
```
When the first preprocessing step is finished, enter:
```
python REPO_ROOT/cogitate-msp1/scripts/meeg/preprocessing/P99_run_preproc.py --sub SA124 --visit V1 --record run --step 2
```
Expected output: the script should generate a directory under:
*$ROOT/sample_data/bids/derivatives/preprocessing/sub-SA124*
containing several subfolders, one for each preprocessing steps. The epoching files contain the final state of 
the data ready for the next analysis steps.

**Run time ~= 90min**

### Running analyses:
For each analysis, run the scripts in the corresponding analysis folder (e.g., /meeg/activation) following the order
reported in the file name (e.g., first run "S01_source_loc.py", then "S02_source_loc_ga.py" and so on).
To run any of the individual-level analysis, enter:
```
python REPO_ROOT/cogitate-msp1/scripts/meeg/ANALYSIS_FOLDER/ANALYSIS_CODE.py --sub SA124 --visit V1
```
Replace ANALYSIS_FOLDER with the name of the folder corresponding to the analysis you want to run (e.g., activation)
and ANALYSIS_CODE with the name of the script you want to execute (e.g., S01_source_loc.py).
To run any of the group-level analysis (i.e., these analyses are marked in the script file name with the suffix "ga"), enter:
```
python REPO_ROOT/cogitate-msp1/scripts/meeg/ANALYSIS_FOLDER/ANALYSIS_CODE.py
```

## List of analysis and corresponding run time
- activation:
**Individual-level analysis run time ~= 60min per participant**
**Group-level analysis run time ~= 240min**
- connectivity
**Individual-level analysis run time ~= 90min per participant**
**Group-level analysis run time ~= 30min**
- ged (to be run before the connectivtiy analysis)
**Individual-level analysis run time ~= 15min per participant**
**Group-level analysis run time ~= 10min**
- roi_mvpa
**Individual-level analysis run time ~= XXmin per participant**
**Group-level analysis run time ~= XXmin**
- source_modelling
**Individual-level analysis run time ~= 210min per participant**
**Group-level analysis run time ~= 60min**
